Valentine's Day is right around the
corner and this year I wanted to do
something extra-special and teach you
all how to make Valentines Day very
special for you and your loved one or
just you and yourself you don't need
somebody else to complete you you can do
that by yourself by shoving a [__]
sickle up your [__]
that's how I was gonna celebrate this
year I was gonna subvert expectations
Game of Thrones style and just start
sticking [__] sickles up my butthole
like a pin cushion but I decided no
let's take this a step further let's
really put the love back in the holiday
so I think the first thing any good
Valentine's Day needs is a pinata that I
sided the best gift anyone could receive
from a pinata is a ton of [__] Lube
so I was filling this [__] to the brim I
was throwing this in there like I was
putting coins into a piggy bank sliding
a [__] credit card in there this
one's totally it's literally squirting
away but didn't just load it with Lube I
filled this up like it was an Amazon
warehouse of sex toys I put in a
vibrator I also put in an entire ball
gag I put in fuzzy handcuffs I put in
little hearts that have conversations on
them I put in a mask some more BDSM
materials like a shredder just all kinds
of ingredients that are required in the
recipe for true love and all supplied by
my friends at Adam and Eve once the
cauldron was filled it was time to take
it to the demolition ranch it was hung
from the roof of my house and it was a
little high for me but it didn't matter
[Music]
higher
forward close more to the right more to
the right yes it's on the floor finally
I was able to draw first blood after
only three quick attempts I will say
hitting a pinata while blindfolded
spinning with flesh lights and a dildo
thrusting penis is a lot more difficult
than it may sound or seem also I wanted
to be very cautious that I didn't lose
control of my tools and have it go right
through the glass door because that's
just a tough one to explain but if you
want to get your hands on any of these
beautiful sex toys and many more feel
free to visit Adam and Eve calm and use
code defense at checkout to get 50% off
of one item and free shipping to US and
Canada with some exclusions the catalog
of instruments they offer is incredible
just a wide array of options I've shown
you the versatility of many of these
instruments just incredible tools all
around for both sexual pleasure and just
general entertainment some great items
there and I highly recommend
adamandeve.com and using code defense at
checkout for 50% off on one item and
free shipping the US and Canada with
some exclusions [__] yeah you'd be a
fool to eat your sex toys anywhere else
a little left yes
after the realization that the
fleshlight just wasn't gonna be packing
enough power to really damage the pinata
cuz ash it was made out of steel in fact
it was probably made out of adamantium
to be honest this [__] was just
extremely durable I decided I need to
upgrade my weaponry and take it to the
next level so I wouldn't I got old
trusty great American Dream the giant
purple dildo it's basically like a
sledgehammer penis this thing is pretty
much a hydraulic press with a nut sack
on it and I was gonna throw it like a
tomahawk ready to just demolish this
thing once again disappointment filled
the air I kind of thought maybe I just
didn't have enough power on it that this
over the head rail gun approach with the
Great American Dream wasn't efficient so
I went back to the veiny penis dagger
and I was just gonna throw that one like
a throwing knife
I was finally able to pierce the armor
which got a little momentum on my side
and I'd finally found my Excalibur the
Kryptonite for the cupcake pinata and I
was ready to go back to the standard
technique blindfold spin around and just
annihilate it a little bit in front of
you
further in front
more like a foot a little more yeah
you're like right there that's it that's
it
a little left a little left left left
left left yeah you're so close you're
like missing it by an inch there if I
had to critique the performance here I'd
give it a straight-up [__] F and it's
not entirely my fault it's because
there's a wall behind the pinata but we
had nowhere else to hang it so I can't
swing with all my might while
blindfolded cuz I'll break my goddamn
wrist on the wall behind it so I needed
to take off the blindfold and finally
deal a crushing blow of fatality on it
but I would have liked to play by the
rules of pinata and do it blindfold that
it's just the location was suboptimal
because of the wall behind it which was
preventing me from using a hundred
percent of my power and strength for
fear of hitting the wall and hurting
myself
uh pinata for Valentine's Day is of
course a staple but there's a lot more
you can do you can't take a pinata on a
date with you however why not go on a
date with Sara here this is the Sara
[__] toy and she even comes with
teeth and a tongue yeah you could just
go right to the [__] but why not just
go on a nice romantic dinner date with
some very nice chocolates do you want
some chocolate
like that viral video with that fish
eating the carrot yeah it's just like
that that sound is horrible
she's not slowly stuck in a thorough she
knows I'm like that one she's the
Heimlich there needs a little help with
digestion running out of space there's
plenty of room she's real hungry she's
gotta use gravity sounded like she was
unhinging her jaw don't throw it in
there it's a good chocolate isn't it
Sara he's got it yeah it looks like Jay
Leno's face no come on Sara come on Sara
more you [__] these are just some of
many ways to have fun this valentine's
day and really just make it something
memorable
I feel like Valentine's Day starting to
lose its meaning for a lot of people out
there that's a shame and this is how you
can bring it back it's that easy baby
see ya